-: Welcome back.
Let's go to our GitHub repository and we are
in 08 new ELB application load balances section,
and we are entering into the section here
08 13 ingress target type IP.
So as part of the introductory section
we already understood about what is a target type
and what is instance mode and then IP mode.
So now we are moving
onto step 02 which is ingress manifest.
So let's go back here to visual studio core and we are
in 08 13 ingress target type IP
and we are entering into the section
kube manifests folder, right?
And inside that you can see
01 Nginx app one, app two and app three deployment.
And you see here the cluster IP service instead
of the node port service.
So we'll discuss that first, we'll go back here
and then complete our 04 ALB target type IP
and come back here.
So now let's go here
and if you see the name of my ingress service
is going to be ingress target type IP demo.
And the load balancer name is target type IP ingress.
And now
if you see here I also commented the certificate here
and here and ensure that I added
that TLS host star.stack simplify.com,
so that you really don't need to hardcode
your certificate here and here.
So this we already learned
about the SSL discovery TLS demo there
we already learned it.
And another important thing here is, so
if you are domain name is different for your certificate
it might be some some your domain.com.
So that domain name you need to provide here
for your certificates or you can comment this part
and then enable the certificate AR and related annotation
and provide your certificate here and here.
Anything is fine.
And if you see this is a simple context
part based routing use case wherein you have
the slash app one rules and slash app two rules
and also default backend wherein default backend goes
to app three and slash app one goes
to app one and slash app two goes to
slash app two related Nginx cluster IP services.
Okay so app one go to app one
Nginx cluster IP service app two go to app to Nginx
cluster IP service and app three go
to app three Nginx cluster IP service.
And if you see here target type is IP.
So this is the core thing which we need to define
in this respective use case.
So you have provided the target type as IP more here.
So now let's come back
and understand why we defined cluster IP service, right?
So there is no specific reason
so you can have it as node port or cluster IP.
So both are same.
Just to want to show you
that we really don't need to open our
or use the node port here.
Why?
Because the request coming
to our application load balancer will directly go
to this pod IP created
as part of this respect to deployment.
So which means even though
if you open the node related port it is of no use.
So if that is the case then we can use the cluster IP,
right?
And now here comes another question.
So if the request coming
to my load balancer is directly going
to this respective pod created by this deployment
so then why do I need a service itself?
That's a different thing here.
You need service to have the
ingress created target group
and register the targets inside that.
So which means the core concept here is
either the ingress of either the type, either the service
of type notebook or cluster IP
you need to definitely define.
So then only ingress can create a target group
in your application load balancer.
And this is of your choice if you want to use node port
that is fine for this use case also instance type IP mode.
So in in our fargate we have user node port only.
Just for an additional option,
so just to test
I have user cluster IP and it works without any issues.
So all the naming conventions instead
of node port has been changed
for all these three services too.
Cluster IP and all the custom changes which means
like par service, any custom related changes
like health check ports or any other settings.
So you can provide
in this respect to service related annotation.
So like if you see app three health check path
is slash index.stml
and app two is slash app two index.stml.
and app one is slash app one index.stml.
So it is the same context part based at routing use case
but here instead of node port service
you are using the cluster IP service
and providing those names
inside this alb ingress target type.
So you can use node port service also no issues.
So whatever the service we use here
node port or cluster IP, the request comes
to our load balancer directly goes to our port.
How? Why?
Because so as you have user
inside the ingress target type is IP.
So it is going to register in the target types
right, in your application load balancer target types.
So this setup is going to get the pod IP
and then directly register that
as your target inside your target group.
So now let's go back here and deploy these things
and then review those things and get to understand more
about it by seeing it on the EC2 management console.
So let's go to our terminal here and we are
in 08 new ELB application load balances
and we will enter into
the section 08 13 ingress target type IP
and I'll say kubectl apply -F and kube manifest.
So this should create the app one,
app two, app three deployments
and app one, app two, app three cluster IP services
and also should create the
target type IP ingress service for us.
So I'll say kubectl and I'll say get ports
should provide us the app one, app two,
app three ports for us, right?
And I'll also say SVC services
and it should provide the cluster IP three
cluster IP services it has created for us.
And you can see the cluster IP IPS 1099, 2 51
some IP addresses, just remember them right?
So now I'll also say kubectl, get ingress
and it should create the ingress service
for a target type IP ingress.
And now, very important thing, I'll say kubectl
get ports, -all, wide
and see the IP addresses of your ports here.
So that's important thing.
See app one port is something like this 92.27,
and app two port is 118.58,
and app three port is 107.238.
So we'll go to our
application load balancer here first, right?
So and then I will rephrase this
and application load balancer is provisioning and
if you go here right in and verify the rules here, right?
See app one goes to app one target group,
app two goes to app two related target group
and default goes to app three related target group.
So rules are created no issue
and you can also verify the certificate
star.stack simplify.com certificate also associated
no issues, this is good.
So now let's go to target groups, for this demo.
The core checking we need to do is the target groups.
Why? Because from the application load balancer
the request will directly go
to the target group related,
pod IP and that pod IP need to be present
as a target inside this target groups.
So let's first open this default app one Nginx relater,
target group.
And you can see total target is one, still it is not healthy
it is registering currently.
And if you see the value 192, 168 92.27.
So this is the app one Nginx related target group
and this is 92.27.
So now let's go here and if you see app one Nginx
deployment related pod, so this is the pod and it is running
and its IP address is 192, 168 92.27.
So you can see in our application load balance
target groups that target registered is directly the pod IP.
So there is no indication of your service
the cluster IP service, whatever we have created here
right? So it's nothing, it's not there here 1,000
something that is not there.
So directly the pod IP is registered
as a target in your application load balancer
and you can see that is healthy also now.
So now app one is done.
So now let's go to app two here, right and app two
and it is healthy and it is registered and successful.
And see the IP address 192, 168 11.118.58.
So you can see here it is the same thing
for the app two you are seeing 192 168 118.58,
matching with your pod IP.
You said kubectl, get ports -all wide,
and verifying your pod IP is matching
with your target type,
whatever the targets registered in your target groups
of your application load balancer.
So now let's go to that default app three Nginx, right?
Here you see 107.238 and it is healthy.
So let's compare, here it is 107.238.
So now we have successfully
verified the target groups which contains the pod IPs,
instead of worker node IP with node ports.
So now the next thing is we really don't need to
do all these DNS logs checkings earlier,
we have already seen those things.
So we will come back here
and do DNS lookup and target type related thing
and you can see the DNS is successful.
So we can access these application
via browser and then test it.
So here there is a space I need to remove that.
So I'll remove that, see this space I will remove
and you can see target type IP 501 stack simplified.com.
It is accessible and we'll also access app two
and here some spaces there
let me remove and app two is accessible.
So the request is going
from our application load balancer,
directly to our pod IP.
And this is the third application.
So let's also access that app three, right?
And it is also successful.
And this completes the demonstration
of ingress concept target type equal to IP mode.
So let's go ahead and then delete these things.
Kubectl, delete -F kube manifest.
So as usual, this should destroy our app one,
app two, app three, deployment cluster IP service
and also our ingress service.
So in our next lecture are in our next section
we are going to focus on,
ingress internal load balancer concept.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.